	After climbing down the ladder of our freshly built treehouse, I decided to take a walk down to the lake. I was still thinking about last night; so many problems and not many solutions. We were stuck, with no way out, no way home. I decided not to think about it and to simply enjoy my surroundings. The lake looked pretty today, the light of the rising sun shining in beams on the water’s surface. As I was watching the lake, I remembered the river. It ran into and out of the lake, the entrance being only a little further north from where the sandy beaches end and the exit positioned just south past the place where we found the 'nartifact'. The river seemed to go on for miles and miles, almost endless, but, in the distance, you could tell where it curved away, leaving only a forest in between us and the horizon. 

	Still admiring the lake – and now the river also, I noticed something red floating down the river and into the lake. As it came closer, I started to notice what it was. The red thing wasn’t red at all; it was brown, a wet log. The light had played tricks on my eyes. The log flowed by the current through the lake and slowly approached the spot where the river began to exit the lake. 

	Then it hit me, like a train going full speed, something I should have thought of long before. We can travel by the river! We could make a raft and sail down the river!

	I ran back toward the treehouse as fast as possible to tell the others about my excellent plan.
Losing breath, I slowed down after a while, but I never stopped.

	At last, I made it. Quickly catching my breath and even more rapidly talking, I explained my plan to Carl – Ben had gone down to Fishy Stream. He listened patiently until I was done. But, it was clear he had an opinion.

	“We have no cloth for sails, no material to weave a sail. We don’t know where the river leads or what we could see along the way. I really don’t think this would work.” he declared at last.

	I thought about what Carl had said; he was right, we had no way of constructing a sail, and this was not the best time to learn to weave grass. But, I remembered the log, it had no sail, yet it still went down the river fairly quickly, and it had no paddles either. So, surely if we could build a raft, the current could push us, and if we needed to go faster, we could paddle. “We don’t need a sail. The current is strong enough; I saw it pull a log earlier this morning. Plus, if we need to, we can paddle.”

	He managed a smile and proclaimed, “Okay then, let’s get started!”

	This altogether proved my theory about Carl being easy to convince. He was always the first to state an opinion, but his opinion was easily changed. 

	As we walked back to the lake, we encountered a small rabbit and had some fun trying to pet it – unsuccessfully. Rabbits were fast and could easily evade us. Once we reached the lake, we started planning.

	To construct the raft, we would get 4 logs, tie them together with vines, then cut the logs to make the raft into a square shape. To be honest, I had no idea why we were shaping it into a square. It’s just that most rafts in the movies are square, so it would seem weird if ours wasn’t too. 
	The logs were easy to collect; the trouble was finding vines. After a while, I managed to find some vines on the far side of the lake. We tried to tie the logs, but it seemed that neither of us was very good at tying knots. I wish Ben was here. Wait, Ben, where was Ben? We had been so caught up in our planning that we forgot to go to Fishy Stream to tell Ben of our plans. He was probably looking for us right now. I needed to go find Ben, but I wanted to build the raft. I settled on sending Carl to find Ben. “Hey, Carl, go tell Ben what we are doing, or he will have no idea where we are.”

	“Okay,” he said as he started running back towards the treehouse.

	Now, I was left alone to construct the raft. It was more difficult than I had thought to cut four logs with a pocket knife. But I got it done, with a sore arm as the only damage. The raft looked beautiful – partially because I made it, and partially because it appeared well-designed. 

	Ben, jogging very quickly, came up to me. “Is the raft ready?”

	