This paper, written by Hudson Gouge in 2023, is about perfume ingredients. It is called From Toilets to Cash.


Oud, a fragrant perfume ingredient derived from mold, is now known around the world for its high cost. It comes from a resin, which is a result of the agar tree's reaction to a certain variety of mold. Less than 2% of agar trees actually produce oud, but its unique scent and high price drive many to search for this rare resin. While it has been known in China and the Middle East for millennia, worldwide demand has doubled in recent years, driving up the already high price. Because it can be sold for anywhere from 300 to 500 dollars per pound, many plantations have sprung up, attempting to infect the tree with the correct type of mold intentionally. Mold has never before been so profitable, and who would have thought it could be used to create a perfume ingredient such as oud?

	Another weird ingredient used in perfume is whale vomit. This by-product of the sperm whale, called ambergris, which literally means brown-grey, has an odor often described as other-worldly. It is a chemical fixative, invaluable as an ingredient in many of the finest perfumes. While most people will avoid it on the beach, finding this clump of part-digested squid can be an amazing discovery. It is extremely expensive, partially because the trade of vomit from endangered species is forbidden internationally, which poses a problem to the sellers. Nevertheless, whale vomit is a peculiar yet useful ingredient.

	The rock hyrax, a rodent-like creature which makes its home in Africa and the Near East, lives in colonies of about 50 and uses common toilet areas to keep its residence clean. As their bodily waste builds up, it hardens over the course of hundreds of years and becomes what is commonly known as petrified hyraceum. This disgusting petrified substance has been used as medicine for centuries and has recently found a new and completely unexpected use. Now, it is a common ingredient in a variety of perfumes. Its smell can be described in no other way than "Very Interesting," and it is often described as having a fermented odor. However, when combined with other flowery perfume ingredients, it enhances the scent, giving it a 3D fragrance. After harvesting hyraceum, it is ground and soaked in alcohol, being then sold at upwards of $140 per 50ml. Because of this, many people have started harvesting and selling hyraceum. The rock hyrax must be a truly amazing perfume maker for their toilets to be worth so much.