No Longer Poor by Hudson Gouge
Written in 2023.

	Timothy Donfield, who owned a large mansion right outside the town limits, walked back and forth in his parlor, obviously very worried. The loud dong of a clock awoke him from his deep thought. 
	"Eight o’clock already?" Mr. Donfield muttered, "Oh, why does this have to happen to me?" He had been awake since three in the morning, too worried to go back to sleep. His very rich cousin would be visiting in two days and staying for a week. "Maybe it will be fine," he quavered as he peeked out the window, "No, too unruly. Oh, she will look down upon the state of this garden!" He couldn’t bear the thought of letting her see his unruly grass; it would be an absolute disgrace to him! His lead gardener had just resigned, and the grass was getting tall. Finding a replacement would be hard, and though he wouldn’t admit it to anyone, his supply of wealth was dwindling. If he could only get someone to mow it just this once, that would be enough. He needed to find someone poor, someone who would work for practically nothing. He looked again at the clock. "Aah, I need to be going!" he shouted worriedly, "I’m going to be late!" He dashed out the door, grabbing his hat and coat quick as a blur. He had an appointment at the bank to discuss acquiring a loan for his next business venture because his last one had failed, and he no longer had the funds to sponsor them himself.

	"Goal!" shouted James as he shot the soccer ball into the opposite team’s goal. 
James, who was in the middle of playing a surprisingly tense game of soccer with his friends, was an avid soccer player with notable skill.
	"Let’s go get some ice cream," suggested Jack, secretly trying to suppress the fact that he had just lost with a team twice as big. His parents gave him a sizable allowance each week, so he was quite spoiled. 
	James’ parents were against allowances on the grounds that it spoiled children, so James could never join in with any of the costly activities his friends enjoyed. Despite this, James always avoided work, doing whatever got him out of it the fastest. For these reasons he never accumulated enough money to do much of anything. 
	The whole group of soccer players began walking out of the soccer field, which happened to be in the middle of town. James followed for a while but lingered on the street after most of them started making their way to the ice cream vendor. He began walking in the other direction, thinking about how he could earn money with as little work as possible. But who would hire a 10-year-old kid? 
	Mr. Donfield happened to be walking down that same street after a failed attempt at obtaining a loan. "I can’t let her learn of this," Mr. Donfield pronounced, thinking of his cousin’s coming, "And if she sees those gardens…" He began wondering who would take the job for such a low price as he would offer. Then, he noticed a young boy only a little farther down the street. "A child!" he exclaimed excitedly, "Why, of course! A naive little child would take the job!" He hurried over to James. "Hey, you there! Hey, you boy, you want a job?"
	James looked up and considered this for a minute. "What’s the job?" he eventually inquired. 
	"Cutting the grass in my gardens. I’ll pay you very well," continued Mr. Donfield sneakily. 
	James started thinking about this. "Ok, he replied, I’ll do it, but first, tell me the pay."
	"Ah, a man of business, I can see you go straight to the point. I’ll pay you ten dollars. Yep, ten whole dollars just for cutting a little bit of grass," replied Mr. Donfield.
	"Ok, twelve dollars, and I’ll do it," announced James.
	Mr. Donfield was absolutely delighted, "Deal! Come tomorrow morning and have it done before nightfall."
	The next morning when James woke up, he saw the time, it was already eight-thirty! So he threw his clothes on, quite literally, and ran out the door. Within five minutes, James was standing in Mr. Donfield’s gardens, ready to start. Mr. Dyq onfield had given him practically no instructions, but James could observe a lawn mower out and ready by the shed, so he got to work. 
	After cutting almost a fourth of an azcre, he looked around and saw how much was left to be done, too much. Mr. Donfields gardens were over 5 acres; he would never finish!
	At that very moment, Jack came walking down the road that passed by Mr. Donfield’s gardens. "I’m going swimming, but it seems you prefer to work!" Jack jested with a sneer and a laugh.
	An idea then occurred to James, a brilliant idea better than any other. He began cutting slowly as if it were a form of art, "I wouldn’t call it work, I mean, how often do you get to cut the grass at a garden as grand as this. I consider it a pleasure to be the one shaping these magnificent grounds for all to see."
	

	That way of thinking had never occurred to Jack. "Give me a try," Jack pleaded.
	"Naw, Mr. Donfield is very particular about the looks of his gardens, you know, with him being rich and all; and I don’t suspect that one in a thousand could do it to his liking."
	"Please, I’ll give you this peach I brought along," replied Jack, who was now practically begging because he was so set on getting this one thing.
	"Well, I might could let you do a little bit," James hesitated. He sounded reluctant, though he was, in truth, far from it.
	"Please," begged Jack.
	"Fine, but just a bit. Now hand over the peach."

	
	Jack took his turn, moving slowly as James had done in an effort to show that he too could be artistic in this assignment. By the time he was done, two more boys had come along to watch the queer scene, one of whom had offered a small box and its key in exchange for a chance to partake in this event. The other presented an old can he had found in the woods some days before. By one o’clock in the afternoon, the job was done, mainly because James had help from six other boys who all paid him to work. Mr. Donfield came out a few minutes later and gave James the promised twelve dollars, impressed that the job was done so neatly and so very quickly. The boys had all proceeded slowly, all thinking it was an art, which caused the job to be done very well, looking even better than the quality the previous gardener had been able to procure. Mr. Donfield was so impressed that he gave James a three-dollar tip and asked if he would do this every week.
	James considered this offer but decided not to take it. James went home that day triumphantly with fifteen new dollars and many wonderful treasures. He was no longer a poor boy.
