This story, called "Pirates in Pergamus", was written by Hudson Gouge in 2023.


On the far islands of Greece, where chaos roams, fearless pirates live, gathering immense wealth from unsuspecting merchant ships. These pirates raid and plunder mercilessly, forcing the supposedly great Roman Empire to always travel in fear of the reckless band of pirates. A student, only 24 years of age, named Julius Caesar, yes, the very same Julius Caesar who has gone down in history as a ruler of Rome, was seeking to learn the art of oration. So he started on a journey, by ship, to Rhodes, where he would be taught in the famous school of Apollonius Molo, the same school where Cicero, but only a few years before, had received his education. Along the journey, he passed through the very same area where these pirates were waiting to raid ships that would come along; Julius Caesar was captured.

	The pirates saw that Julius Caesar was an important figure, so they asked for a 20-talent ransom, about 28 million dollars in today's money, to release him. Caesar felt completely insulted by this, insisting that he was worth at least 50 talents ($70,000,000)! They agreed to this and announced that the ransom was now 50 talents. The pirates, who had sports to pass the time when they weren't busy raiding and plundering innocent travelers, let Caesar join in some of their games. Caesar acted almost as a boss to his captors, forcing his poetry on them and insulting anyone who disliked it. Caesar even went as far as to yell if the pirates were loud while he was trying to sleep. The pirates were amused at all this, despite Caesar's persistent announcement, "As soon as I get out of this place, I'm going to crucify you all!" which the pirates laughed at as a joke. 

	The ransom arrived, and Caesar was finally released from the pirates. As soon as he was free, he hired a fleet of Milesian ships, which he then used to capture the pirates right when they were counting their treasure. Caesar had the pirates taken to Pergamus and crucified, leaving Caesar free to begin his studies in Rhodes.  