The following is a story called "Snake, Camel, Run!" written by Hudson Gouge in two thousand twenty-two.


	An Arab man and his camel were traveling through the desert, it was getting dark so they stopped for the night. The man set up the tent and set up some water for the camel outside. The man then went into the tent to get set for the night, while the camel started drinking his water. Soon, a snake started slithering toward the camel. The camel was afraid and so he stuck his head inside the tent. The man did not want the filthy camel in his tent. It was getting dark, and he wanted to sleep.

	As the snake came closer, the camel came further into the tent and soon was completely in the tent. The tent was very crowded. The man fed the camel an apple, hoping he would leave. The camel loved the apple and thought it was delicious, he wanted more, more apples! The camel then spotted the bag where the man had grabbed the apple from. The man, seeing the camel move towards the bag, took the bag and held it tightly. This made the camel angry, and he pushed the man out of the tent. The man fell on his back, "Ow!" The camel, still in the tent, started to open the bag and eat the apples.

	As the camel started to eat his apple, the snake entered the tent. The sake, seeing an opportunity, took the bag of apple and slithered out of the tent. The snake slithered over the man's leg at high speeds and tried to leave. The enraged camel picked up the tent and starts running fast, the tent falling to the side. Unluckily for the man, the camel happened to run straight over the man and after the snake. The man, bruised and angry, got up and started running after the camel who was running after the snake that had the apples. And it continued through the night, oh what a sight to see! A man chasing a camel who was chasing a very fast snake who was, in turn, holding a bag of apples. The apples seemed destined to never be eaten, the camel to run forever, and the man to always be angry at them.
