This story, which was written by Hudson Gouge in 2023 (two thousand twenty-two) was based off of a poem named Lochinvar.
It is named, "The Netherby Chase".

	Lochinvar, a brave and dauntless knight, was swiftly galloping the long distance to Netherby Gate on his horse, which was the fastest in all the land. He had one determined destination, not stopping for rest or for sleep, swimming rivers, and riding long into the night. For in Netherby Hall, Ellen, Lochinvar's love, was to marry a cowardly and slow man. Lochinvar was determined to reach Netherby because he must see his love once more. Reaching the gate, Lochinvar burst into Netherby Hall; Ellen, her father, mother, and cousins all turned in surprise.

	An awkward silence ensued. Finally, Ellens's father burst out, "Have you come here in peace, war, or simply for the pleasure of the dance?"
	"I have long pursued your daughter, but you firmly denied me," Lochinvar continued, "And now, here I am, having traveled this long distance to dance but one measure and to have but one cup of wine." Ellen blushed, picked up a goblet, and with a tear forming in her eye, kissed it with a sigh. Lochinvar took the goblet in his hand and drank. He sat the goblet on the table and looked up at Ellen. He took her hand, and they began to dance. This dance was of elegance unmatched before and since; Lochinvar so stately and Ellen so graceful and fair. The bridesmaids, many of whom were Ellen's own cousins, began to whisper among themselves, "It could have been." Ellen's father was fuming with suppressed anger; her mother was fretting, yet they did naught but stare on at the scene unfolding before them. The bridegroom stood perplexed, hat in hand, looking on without a word being spoken.

	They danced on and on, everything else in the world seemed to have vanished; all were focused on the dance. A touch on Ellen's shoulder roused her from her deep thought. Quietly, Lochinvar whispered something in her ear that no one else heard. As they danced past the door, Lochinvar, who had planned this out before he even entered, darted, bearing Ellen up onto the horse, followed by himself. The horse had been waiting near the doorway, ready for the moment to run. They bolted away together, racing down the path. Netherby's most experienced riders were immediately called and began mounting for the chance, but all too late. By the time the chase started, Ellen and Lochinvar were out of sight, never again seen by any of the Netherbys. 

	